now while Obama's and Frandsen telling
everybody over there hey you gotta help
yourselves the world on a hill but you
need to fix your corruption and you need
to help yourselves and be great people
say that here but that's not gonna be
staying here here's what
our hands can wear everything
there's a bias too
every time I've been texting
my way I talk taxing the rich but I see
your face
I'm really calling your trust past BMS
please you keep crying
very
ever since you made
tax-free
I'll eat taxing you
no middle-class tax break and you can
I'll be taxing you
I'll be taxing
to
there's a price to pay
ever since
you
by comedian Paul Shanklin and every cent
you make
you